Module Readme Revisions (#176)
Azure/azure-saas: src/Saas.SignupAdministration/README.md

1. Configure multiple projects to launch: Saas.SignupAdministration.Web, Saas.Permissions.Service and Saas.Admin.Service. In Visual Studio, this can be accomplished by right clicking the project and selecting `Set Startup Projects...` for local debugging.
1. Start apps. Services will launch as presented Swagger APIs. Web app will launch MVC ASP.NET Core application.

## 3. Additional Resources

### i. Azure AD B2C

You'll need to configure your B2C instance for an external authentication provider. Additional documentation is available [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/identity-provider-azure-ad-multi-tenant?pivots=b2c-user-flow).

### ii. JsonSessionPersistenceProvider

The JsonSessionPersistenceProvider maintains the state of the onboarding workflow for each user and allows for forward and backward movment in the app with access to all of the values of the Tenant. Custom providers can be used as long as they inherit from the IPersistenceProvider interface. 

The 2 methods are: 
- public void Persist(string key, object value);
- public T Retrieve<T>(string key);

> The included implementation simply stores the session data within memory of the server app, making it highly unsuitable at scale or when multiple app instances are deployed. A caching service able to perform realtime updates is ideal to maximize scalability. Consider session management through industry standard tools such as [Redis](https://redis.com/solutions/use-cases/session-management/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The included implementation simply stores the session data within memory of the server app, making unsuitable at scale or when multiple app instances are deployed. A caching service able to perform realtime updates is ideal to maximize scalability. Consider replacing the implementation of the JsonSessionPersistenceProvider class with a new implementation using something like [Azure Cache for Redis](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-overview). Alternatively, you can configure session persistence to ensure your users are always routed to the same server.
```
